Conway Runnels sprinted down the alleyway behind the bazaar. His foot
falls made rhythmic slapping as he kept a consistent pace. He'd chance
glances backwards, every so often, ensuring he wasn't being followed.
The dank alleys were perfect for all manner of illegal shit, even if his
crime was likely the worst of the bunch. He just had to move as fast as
he could out of here and without any attention so he could go unknown
and unseen.

But, he knew already he was made by that undercover cop.

In front of him, a wall loomed. The dead end of the alley would have
been a mistake for him.

Had he been a human. A magicless human.

He started to focus his Will into his outstretched hand, and as he
approached the wall, he began to imagine a flexing, rippling texture.
The wall began to mirror that texture right as he pushed his way
through.

In the portal, Conway's pace changed. He appeared, and felt, like he was
moving at a normal rate, but he was moving much, much faster. He tried
to keep his eyes locked forward--portal travel can be very disorienting.
The entirely white plane was interspliced with dancing shadows--also
white--of events, people, and ideas that he was moving around and
through. Conway closed his eyes as he exited the portal.

He emerged from the travel point on the busy Canal Boulevard. It was
late in the Spring in New Orleans, well past the end of carnival season
when no one really had any good reason to be in the city, leaving mostly
locals.

Apathetic locals who didn't care about Conway or anyone acting too
weird. *Probably a drunk or tweaker*, they would assure themselves, and
continue onward. Conway looked around for the bus that ran along the
street via a thin wire. The magic powering it was thrumming loudly to
Conway. He subconsciously tapped the book in his jacket to keep himself
aware that he needed to be careful.

But, also to remind himself he still had the book. The book was causing
him so much trouble since he grabbed it. He knew he was stupid to pay
for something like it, something that was clearly illegal, but his greed
got the better of him. If he sold it at even half of what it was worth,
and get it out of the bullshit Paragon's jurisdiction, he'd be set and
not have to sell this shit anymore. He could see Emily again. He could
be the father she needed.

But, there were a lot of ifs for him to consider. After his customer,
the strongest interest he honestly had, turned out to be a cop, Conway
began to regret the choices that got him here.

He just needed some more time. Once he could secure someone, he'd be a
lot better off.

In the distance, maybe seven to ten blocks away, the trolley was lulling
into a stop. It wouldn't be long now, and then, Conway would be free. He
would have to work to make another sale; the book was too hot to keep
with him, but that was okay. He'd have to vet his potential clients a
bit more careful next time, figure out a system to get them to prove
they aren't a cop.

But, that was next time. For now, he knew all he had to do was get on
that trolley and get as far away from the French Quarter as he could.
The trolley would take him clear across town, and then, he could grab a
cab and lose any tails. He was safe. He was free.

He just had to wait a little bit longer.

Declan Parish yawned as his partner rolled yet another cigarette.

It was number six. Paul Reeves was adding each one to a metal case after
filling them just past the point where you'd consider them overstuffed.
The tobacco smelled like it was from Cuba.

But, it wasn't like Declan was paying attention to that. He stared
emptily through the binoculars, doing his best to not think of how
delightful and calming a single pull of one of those cancer sticks would
be.

"I'm not sharing, Declan," Paul's voice made him jump. "You quit 'For
the last time, I swear,' Remember?"

"You could have done that later or something. Not throw it right in my
face."

"We've been sitting here for almost four hours. Your guy said our mark
bolted and teleported. He could be anywhere." Paul stopped abruptly.
"How the fu---" His eyes were trained on a crowd of people that looked a
little shocked, but kept moving. In the crowd, he saw Conway Runnels. He
could feel Paul's magus senses pulling into full awareness. It was
palpable in the car. It made him feel a bit uncomfortable, but magic use
always did.

"So, you can just feel when there's another user? Just like that?" Paul
was putting the car into drive. Conway was eying a trolley only a few
blocks down. The trolleys, modeled after the ones from centuries ago,
was installed only a few years ago, and it quickly paid for itself.
Using no power except for the abilities of a few magic users throughout
the day, the car was cheap, quick, and effective. Tourists loved it
because it allowed them to safely and quickly see the entire city's more
favorable areas. Locals used it because it was clean and safe.

"Yeah, something like that." Paul was guarded. They were partners for a
little while now, but the Magus never liked to overshare with the
Sapiens. "I can direct my focus on any magic user, and I can just feel
them tapping into that power. I marked and learned Conway's *feeling*,
so now, I can spot him out like a brick in a haystack. Just takes a
little focus." Conway got on the trolley, looking everywhere. Declan
rolled his eyes at how suspicious he looked. *Fucking amateur.* He
pulled the car into gear and followed the car with traffic.

"So, why am I even here." Declan tried to hold back the tone of feeling
unneeded. Sapiens were prone to coming off as needing kid gloves from
the magically inclined. "Not that I'm a supremacist or anything.
Anything from it."

"Right." Paul was smirking. He was around 32, putting him only two years
younger than Decland, but he looked in his twenties. He was well over
Declan's six-two, but he was rail thin. He had to lilac-tinted eyes of
the Magi, while Declan was stuck with brown, like his own hair color.
Declan kept the regulation short cut, but Paul's was a long mane of
gold. Despite his obvious attractiveness, Declan felt no jealousy, and
he hated the bias towards his kind.

"I mean it, my sister's husband's one. Well, a Sagus." He cringed at the
double faux pas, implying that having a relation to a magic user was
somehow negating of his bias, and even then, the Magi didn't trust
Sages. He sighed and closed his eyes. \"What I mean is, if you got the
skills, you can probably do this better, right?

"So, that's all we are? Pack animals to you people?"

Declan gapped, trying to say something, and he realized he was
increasingly out of him depth. He stayed quiet until Paul started
laughing. "I'm just fucking with you." He began laughing uncontrollable
hard and Declan allowed a few chuckles at the red light. The trolley was
stopped at a station. Conway didn't get off. He shook his head.

"Asshole."

"Guilty. Nah, I can only smell them out, but you parked right where he
came out of the portal. I can't even do that."

"Well, I studied the leylines of the area, knowing he was more used to
travel magic, and I followed him for a few weeks after hours." Paul
cocked an eyebrow. "I got the time." Paul shook his head.

"I know your background. You are a hero in this town. That should have
you swimming in women." Paul's eyes widened. "Or men! I didn't mean to
suggest that I'd care about--"

"It's good. No, I just am focused on some other things right now."

"Missing your prime, man. Missing your prime." Paul sat bolt upright.
"He's moving. I think he's getting a bead on me, but maybe not."

"This is his stop. He likes One-Eyed Jacks when he needs to burn off the
edges. Get ready." Declan parked the car in a parallel spot not far from
the next stop of the trolley. Declan entered the bar first, while Paul
would trail behind and follow the car in case Conway changed plans.
Declan knew better. The man was nothing without his routine.

In the bar, smoky already, Declan signaled for a drink, his
usual--whiskey and ginger with a squeeze of lemon. Gale, the most
regular bartender here, nodded and made it before he even got to a
table. He picked it up, dropped some ones, and she smiled at his usual
tip. It was likely more than people paid, but he considered her an
investment.

While investigating Conway, he had learned the bones of the bar. He'd
seen shows here, come on their most riotous nights, and other times,
like right now, when it was deader than the cemetaries. As least those
actually had ghosts. It let Declan blow off steam, even if he tried to
keep it purely from a "this is work," viewpoint.

He texted Ash of where to meet him. His CI was not unlike Conway,
convicted of selling things the Paragon considered "too dangerous for
the safety and equilibrium of society," and he was ready to repent for
his crimes. This bust would be big for Ash. For Declan too.

The door opened, and Declan covered his smirk with his drink. Conway
looked like a wreck. He was sweating profusely, and his eyes were
shifty.

"Gale, I need a Long Island, and two shots of Jamison. Shots first." He
slid her too much money. "Quickly, please." He scanned the bar. Declan
did his best to look like he was drunk texting. A billiard ball clacked
in the bar, and laughter erupted from that direction. There were maybe
five people in the bar at the moment, not counting the bartender,
Declan, and Conway. He got a reply from Ash, and told him to come in
now. Conway finished his two shots, and true to form, Gale was already
rolling out the massive drink. Declan had wondered if she were Magus.

Ashton opened the door. Paul, flanked him and quickly moved towards the
pool table. Conway, unaware, sat between the three of them. His hand was
in his coat, but Declan was sure it was just checking on his book. Ash
looked his way, Declan nodded. He looked to Paul, who did the same.

"Hey, Connie, I thought we had a deal. Why'd you run?" Ash said. He was
covered in tattooes with damp, stringy black hair as long as Paul's.
Conway's eyes just closed. He sighed, placed both hands on the bar, and
grabbed his drink. He held one finger up, implying that Ash should wait,
though it was a finger used to convey other wordless gestures too. He
downed the Long Island in a single chug. He cringed as the cold hit him
all at once.

"I didn't want trouble, man. I just needed money." Declan could feel the
magic building in Conway, as he pulled his service revolver and leveled
it on him.

"That's enough of that," said Declan. He could feel Paul pulling magic
as well. "You're surrounded. Let's not do this."

Conway turned to Paul and eyed him contemptuously.

"You fucking traitor. I should--" His thoughts were cut off as Gale,
completely, perfectly silent, placed a taser to his neck and dropped
him. The jolt was just enough to break the magic he was building.

As Conway laid twitching on the floor, Declan walked over and slid
another ten to Gale.

"Consider it tip only. Your drinks are very good." He smiled as Paul
cuffed Conway. From his jacked, Paul pulled out the *Grand Grimiore* and
immediately dropped it.

"Oh, this is some bad shit, Declan." His tone chilled Declan's blood.
