Ja-quine Rinker woke up with vomit spewing from his mouth like a waterfall
breakin free of a senseless, cliffside dam. He began screaming as the sharp
white walls of his confusing cell ripped at the back of his eyes. He tried to
blink away the pain and confusion, but everything felt wrong.

Namely the tube running down his throat and two tinier ones pushing into his
nose. He wanted to remove them, so that he could walk, but the cords rose into
the ceiling. He looked up and moved, and the white of the ceilin moved as a
livin presence to allow the wires to follow him.

Ja-q tried to recall where he was last, and his memories were moving in a sphere
rather than a line.

Nausea was the most sensation he had, followed shortly by a grave loss he could
not identify. Ja-q had been concussed and knocked out in his boxing hobby. The
return to the the body always brought up all the long dead emotions that he had
suppressed. He could never remember the cause of his grief, but it was always so
debilitating he was brought to sobbing.

Once he got on top of the afflications, Ja-Q started to take in the
surroundings.

It made no sense. The room was flawlessly white without any corners. It was a
completely curved room til the floor. He walked around to get a feel for
everything.

The room's temperature was non-existence. It felt perfectly matched to the most
comfortable levels for his skin.

This was a good attention to detail since he was naked, but Ja-q felt absolutely
no chill in the room. There was a small book near the sunken bed where Ja-q had
awakened. It sat on a raised cube that appeared to serve as a table. He picked
up the book, the only item on the smooth surface.

"Acclimation."

The title of the book looked like it was scrawled by a child. The letting and
spacing were all off and wrong. The text inside brought the nausea in a
tsnunami.

The runes inside were completely foreign and odd. They looked like people making
gestures. It wasn't until Ja-q had stared for a while did he realize he could
understand the messages of the text.

He wasn't sure how he knew them, but he just did innately. That thought moved
like a parasite in Ja-q's throbbing skull. It was a foreign invader, taking
residence in his brain.

The text informed him of an experiment that their race had worked on for
millennia. It warned him of their otherwordly apperance, and to not be afraid.
He will not be harmed by them, and he is under their protection. They would
enter the chambers after drinking a glass of liquid and taking a white pill. He
looked for the items, and they appeared on the previously empty table.

He grabbed the liquid and the pill. Ja-q had been no novice to substances, but
every part of his knowledge of drugs told him to never take something that he
didn't know what it was especially from strangers. He figured he had little
choice in the matter and swallowed the pill. The water tasted like fruits and
sugar, but it had a numbing quality in his mouth like a hallucinogen. In a few
moments, the medicine numbed his body and relaxed him significantly.

He waited for the door to open, amused slightly. The seditives were working in
over time.

He still couldn't stop screaming when the entities entered his room.
